# Advanced information

This document provide detailed information about the migration process controlled by the DBB Git Migration Modeler utility.

# Migration storyboard

This asset takes the user through 4 major phases:

## The Framing phase 

For this first phase, the utility is offering a **framework to define which applications exist in today's SCM system**, their owners and which artifacts (COBOL, JCL, PROCs) belong to these applications.
The schema to define this information is captured in the [Applications Mapping file](../samples/applications-mapping/applicationsMapping.yaml) (YAML format).
Another configuration file used as input, known as the [Repository Paths Mapping file](../samples/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml) allows users to define how artifacts are mapped to a repository structure.

The produced files (called **Application Descriptor** files) of this first phase contain the list of artifacts that are owned by each application. This version of the Application Descriptor files can be used to communicate with the application owners, to gain their agreement about the content of the applications they own.
It can serve as a control point in the planning and the execution of the migration process.

The outcome of this phase is a formalized documentation of today's knowledge about the existing applications with the perspectives of ownership, technical composition, and build framework configuration.

The other files generated by this phase are DBB Migration Mapping files, which are also used during this phase to copy the files from datasets to z/OS UNIX System Services folders, that could represent Git repositories.
This step uses the DBB Migration utility to perform the copy to USS folders, also ensuring the correctness of the mapping and the absence of non-roundtripable and non-printable characters, that could affect the migration.

## The Assessment phase

The copy that occurred during the previous phase is probably not the final migration of the members, but it facilitates the **analyzis of artifacts' usage**, especially those that nobody claims and that are perceived as shared.
This helps in specific situations where ownership of include files and programs is undefined and unclear, potentially because some or all of these include files and programs used to be accessible by all applications in a previous configuration.
For programs, the usage assessment is performed with statically linked submodules.

After migrating the code, the source code of all applications will be scanned, before the classification process is performed: 
   * During this process, the utility will place the unassigned Include Files into an application's folder structure if this applications was determined as the owner (in the case that a single application was identified as using the artifact).
   The Application Descriptor files are updated accordingly.  
   * For include files and programs that already are claimed by an application, the same classification process is performed to document the usage of these files.
   For Include Files, their scope is changed to *private* if only programs from this application are referencing this given include file, otherwise *public* if multiple applications are refering to this include file.  
   For Programs, their scope is changed to *internal submodule* if only programs from this application are statically linking this given program, otherwise *service submodule* if multiple applications are statically linking this program.
   Again, the application descriptor will be updated accordingly.

This analysis has to occur on the entire codebase of all applications to ensure correct recommendations and results.

The output files of this process are crucial to gain the final approval from the application teams about the scope of applications.
After this stage, the DBB Migration mapping files are also updated accordingly, to reflect the new locations of the moved files.

## The Property Generation phase

This stage is optional and allows to statically migrate build configuration from the legacy system to the new build framework and generate build configurations.
We encourage customers to use the dynamic scanners in Dependency Based Build to determine the runtime flags for each build file.
The outputs of this stage becomes relevant when the final migration is taking place.

The purpose of this stage is to generate properties and property files that are used by the [dbb-zAppBuild](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/) framework, based on the information gathered in a specific input file, the [Types file](../samples/types.txt), defined later in this documentation.

This phase will generate the necessary properties and files required to leverage the [Language configuration  mapping](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/blob/main/docs/FilePropertyManagement.md#language-configuration-mapping) feature available in [dbb-zAppBuild](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/).
Each composite type will be created (if not already existing) and will combine properties to represent a unique Language Configuration.
At the application level, file-level overrides are also generated and inserted in the application's [application-conf](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/tree/main/samples/application-conf) folder.

## The Initialization phase

The purpose of this stage is to prepare the applications' Git repositories. It perform several tasks:
* Initialization of the Git repository
* Staging of the source files and the customized configuration files (the ZAPP.yaml file and the pipeline definition files)
* Execution of a first commit
* Creation of a tag to identify a baseline version
* Execution of a preview build 
* Creation of a package containing the applications' artifacts into a baseline archive, that can be optionally uploaded to an Artifact Repository server

## Refreshing the Application Descriptor files

For applications that are already migrated to Git, the DBB Git Migration Modeler provides a feature to generate Application Descriptor files. More information can be found in the [Refreshing Application Descriptor files](#refreshing-application-descriptor-files) section.

## Outcomes and benefits
* Documentation about which files are owned by which application.
* Classification of include files and statically linked programs.
* Documentation of cross-application dependencies and consuming applications
* Insights about non-roundtripable / non-printable characters.
* Relevant information to plan the migration of all applications.
* Ready-to-use configuration files based on the originating SCM's knowledge base

## Output files

When running this utility, two main types of files will be created for each application that are discovered:
* An Application Descriptor file (YAML format): this file is built during the analysis of the datasets members provided as input. It contains the list of artifacts that belong to this application, with properties that are updated when the usage of Include Files and Programs is performed. 
  * [The Framing phase](#the-framing-phase) stores the files in a shared configuration folder (named *work-configs* by default).
  * [The Assessment phase](#the-assessment-phase) produces an updated Application Descriptor file, which is stored within the application's folder.
  This allows to compare the Application Descriptor files between the Framing phase and the Assessment phase.
* A DBB Migration Mapping file (Text format): this file contains instructions on how the DBB Migration utility should operate when running a migration.
This structure of mapping file and how to invoke the DBB Migration utility with a mapping file is described in [the official DBB documentation](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/dbb/2.0?topic=migrating-source-files-from-zos-git#running-migration-using-a-mapping-file).

For [the Property Generation phase](#the-property-generation-phase), the following output files are created:
* Language Configuration files, containing properties defined for types configurations (as defined in the [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml)).
These Language Configuration files are stored in a custom *dbb-zAppBuild* instance which is copied from an original *dbb-zAppbuild* folder.
The location of these files is the [build-conf/language-conf](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/tree/main/build-conf/language-conf) folder in the custom *dbb-zAppBuild* instance.
* For each analyzed application, an [application-conf](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/tree/main/samples/application-conf) folder is copied from the original *dbb-zAppBuild* instance, in which two files are customized:
  * A line is added in [file.properties](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/blob/main/samples/application-conf/file.properties) to enable the use of Language Configuration mappings.
  This line is commented by default, and users are asked to uncomment to enable this capability.
  * For each artifact of the application, an entry is added in [languageConfigurationMapping.properties](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/blob/main/samples/application-conf/languageConfigurationMapping.properties), which maps the artifact with its Language Configuration defined in [build-conf/language-conf](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/tree/main/build-conf/language-conf)


# Setting up the DBB Git Migration Modeler utility

Install the DBB Git Migration Modeler by cloning [this repository](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-git-migration-modeler) to z/OS Unix System Services.

## Pre-requisites when using a Db2-based MetadataStore with DBB

The DBB Git Migration Modeler can use either a file-based MetadataStore or a Db2-based MetadataStore with DBB.
When using a file-based MetadataStore, the location of the MetadataStore is specified during the setup phase of the DBB Git Migration Modeler, as described in the next section, through the `DBB_MODELER_FILE_METADATA_STORE_DIR` property. No additional setup is required.

When using a Db2-based MetadataStore, some configuration steps must be executed prior to using the DBB Git Migration Modeler. A Db2 database and the Db2 tables corresponding to the DBB-provided schema must be created.
Instructions to create a Db2-based MetadataStore with DBB can be found in this [documentation page](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/dbb/3.0?topic=setup-configuring-db2-zos-as-metadata-database) for Db2 z/OS and this [documentation page](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/dbb/3.0?topic=setup-configuring-db2-luw-as-metadata-database) for Db2 LUW.

The configuration to access the Db2-based MetadataStore with the DBB Git Migration Modeler is performed through the `DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE`, `DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_ID`, `DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_PASSWORD` and `DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_PASSWORDFILE` properties.
These required properties are collected during the Setup phase, as described in the next section. The Setup script then suggests to use the `CheckDb2MetadataStore.sh` script to verify the correct connectivity to the Db2 database.
Once the Db2 MetadataStore connection is correctly configured and checked, the DBB Git Migration Modeler is ready to be used with a Db2-based MetadataStore.

## Setting up the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration

Once installed on z/OS Unix System Services, the [Setup.sh script](./Setup.sh) must be run to configure the DBB Git Migration Modeler, and set configuration parameters.
This script prompts for the below environment variables and saves them in a configuration file, that is used as an input for the different DBB Git Migration Modeler scripts.

| Configuration Parameter | Description | Default Value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| DBB_MODELER_HOME  | The home of the DBB Git Migration Modeler project | The current directory of Setup.sh |
| DBB_MODELER_WORK  | The working directory for the DBB Git Migration Modeler. Requires to be sized to store the entire copy of all application programs. | `$DBB_MODELER_HOME-work` | 
| DBB_MODELER_APPCONFIG_DIR  | Stores the initial version of the Application Descriptor and the generated DBB Migration Mapping files | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/work-configs` |
| DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR  | Path to where the DBB Git Migration Modeler will create the application directories | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/work-applications` | 
| DBB_MODELER_LOGS  | Path to where the DBB Git Migration Modeler will store the log files of the various steps of Migration Modeler process | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/work-logs` | 
| DEFAULT_GIT_CONFIG  | Folder containing default `.gitattributes` and `zapp.yaml` files | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/git-config` |
| **DBB Git Migration Modeler MetadataStore configuration** | | | 
| DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE  | Type of MetadataStore - Valid values are "file" or "db2" | `file` |
| DBB_MODELER_FILE_METADATA_STORE_DIR  | Location of the File MetadataStore | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/dbb-metadatastore` |
| DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE  | Path for the DB2 Metadatastore Connection configuration file | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/db2Connection.conf` |
| DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID  | DB2 JDBC User ID to connect through the JDBC driver | `user` |
| DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD  | DB2 JDBC User ID's Password to connect through the JDBC driver |  |
| DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE  | Default path for the DB2 JDBC Password file to connect through the JDBC driver (recommended) |  |
| **DBB Git Migration Modeler Input files** | | | 
| DBB_MODELER_APPMAPPINGS_DIR  | Folder containing the Applications Mapping file(s) defining the input datasets for applications and their naming conventions. See [Tailoring of input files](#tailoring-the-input-files). | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/applications-mappings` | 
| REPOSITORY_PATH_MAPPING_FILE  | Repository Paths Mapping file map the various types of members to the folder layout in Git. See [Tailoring of input files](#tailoring-the-input-files). | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml` | 
| APPLICATION_MEMBER_TYPE_MAPPING  | Member to Type mapping. See [Tailoring of input files](#tailoring-the-input-files). | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/types.txt` | 
| TYPE_CONFIGURATIONS_FILE | Type Configuration to generate zAppBuild Language Configurations to statically preserve existing build configuration. See [Tailoring of input files](#tailoring-the-input-files). | `$DBB_MODELER_WORK/typesConfigurations.yaml` |
| **DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration parameters** | | | 
| APPLICATION_ARTIFACTS_HLQ | High-Level Qualifier of the datasets used during the Preview Build. These datasets need to hold a copy of the artifacts to be packaged as a baseline. | `DBEHM.MIG` | 
| SCAN_DATASET_MEMBERS | Flag to determine if application extraction process should scan each member to identify source type. | `false` |
| SCAN_DATASET_MEMBERS_ENCODING | PDS encoding for scanner when determining the source type | `IBM-1047` |
| DBB_ZAPPBUILD | Path to your customized [dbb-zAppBuild repository](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild) on z/OS Unix System Services for baseline builds | `/var/dbb/dbb-zappbuild` |
| DBB_COMMUNITY_REPO | Path to your customized [DBB community repository](https://github.com/IBM/dbb) on z/OS Unix System Services | `/var/dbb/dbb` |
| APPLICATION_DEFAULT_BRANCH | Default branch name when initializing Git repositories and scanning files into DBB collections | `main` |
| INTERACTIVE_RUN | Flag to indicate if the Migration-Modeler-Start script should run interactively or not (`true` or `false`) | `false` |
| PUBLISH_ARTIFACTS | Flag to indicate if baseline packages should be uploaded to an Artifact Repository server or not (`true` or `false`) | `true` |
| ARTIFACT_REPOSITORY_SERVER_URL | URL of the Artifact Repository Server | |
| ARTIFACT_REPOSITORY_USER | User to connect to the Artifact Repository Server | `admin` |
| ARTIFACT_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD | Password to connect to the Artifact Repository Server | |
| PIPELINE_USER | User ID of the pipeline user on z/OS | `ADO` |
| PIPELINE_USER_GROUP | Group that the User ID of the pipeline user belongs to | `JENKINSG` |
| PIPELINE_CI | Pipeline technology used - either `AzureDevOps`, `GitlabCI`, `Jenkins` or `GitHubActions` | `AzureDevOps` |


# Configuring the Migration Modeler input files 

The configuration files required to use the DBB Git Migration Modeler utility are copied by the [Setup.sh script](./Setup.sh) from the [samples](../samples/) folder to the **work** folder that was specified during setup process.

Four types of configuration files need to be reviewed and potentially adapted to your installation and your needs, before using the DBB Git Migration Modeler: 

1. The [Applications Mapping file(s)](../samples/applications-mapping/applicationsMapping.yaml) (YAML format) contains the list of existing applications with their naming convention patterns used for filtering members. It can be created manually or can be filled with information coming from external databases or provided by a report from an SCM solution. Instead of patterns for naming conventions, the file also accepts fully qualified member names that can be extracted from an existing data source or report provided by your legacy tool.  
If no naming convention is applied for a given application, or if all the members of a given dataset belong to the same application, a naming convention whose value is `........` should be defined.
Members in the input PDSs libraries that do not match any convention will be associated to the *UNASSIGNED* application. This is often applicable for include files that do not have an owner assigned.
Multiple Applications Mapping files can be specified, that define one or multiple application configurations. The DBB Git Migration Modeler will import all the Applications Mapping files first, before processing the mappings. This configuration helps for more granular configurations and advanced scenarios, for instance when the input datasets contain members from only one application or when multiple applications have artifacts mixed in the same group of datasets.

2. The [Repository Paths Mapping file](../samples/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml) (YAML format) is required and describes the folder structure on z/OS UNIX System Services (USS) that will contain the files to are moved from the datasets. It is recommended to use the definitions provided in the template, and keep consistent definitions for all applications being migrated.
The file controls how dataset members should be assigned to target subfolders on USS during the migration process. 
Each *Repository Path* entry described in this file documents the type of artifacts in this folder, their file extension, their encoding, the source group they belong to, the language processor (for instance, the language script in dbb-zAppBuild) and criteria to meet for classification. Thse criterai can either be the low-level qualifiers of the dataset which hold them, or their associated types (if any, as described in the [Types file](../samples/types.txt)) or, if enabled, the scan result provided by the DBB Scanner.  
For each repository path, the `artifactsType` property is used during [the Assessment phase](#the-assessment-phase), to filter out for each type of artifacts to perform the assessment.
Only artifacts of types `Program` or `Include File` will be included in the analysis.
It is recommended to keep the current settings defined in the provided [Repository Paths Mapping file](../samples/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml) for the `artifactsType` property.

3. The [Types file](../samples/types.txt) (CSV format) lists the dataset members and their associated type (like a language definition), as described in the legacy SCM tool. This CSV file is optional, and should be built with an SCM-provided utility or from an SCM-provided report. Types mapping are meant to be used only for programs, not for Includes Files.  
Lines of this file are composed of the artifact's names, followed by a list of comma-separated types. A combination of types can be specified, which will then turn into a composite type definition in dbb-zAppBuild.  
During the [Framing phase](#the-framing-phase), the *type* information can be used as a criteria to dispatch files.
If no type is assigned to a given artifact, this information will not be used to dispatch the file and this element will be of type *UNKNOWN* in the Application Descriptor file.  
The type assigned to each artifact is used in the [Property Generation phase](#the-property-generation-phase) to create Language Configuration in [dbb-zAppBuild](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/)'s configuration.

4. The [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml) (YAML format) defines the build configurations with their *dbb-zAppBuild* build properties and values.
This information is typically extracted from the legacy SCM tool and mapped to the equivalent build property in *dbb-zAppBuild*. It is recommended to use ad-hoc automation, when applicable, to facilitate the creation of this file.
This file is only used during the [Property Generation phase](#the-property-generation-phase).
Each Type Configuration defines properties that are used by the [dbb-zAppBuild](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/) framework.
Types can be combined depending on definitions found in the [Types file](../samples/types.txt), to generate composite types combining different properties.

## Required input datasets

The utility is operating on a set of provided PDS libraries that contain a copy of the codebase to be migrated. Depending on your configuration, it may be required to unload the source files from the legacy SCM's storage, prior to using the DBB Git Migration Modeler. These datasets should be extracted from the legacy SCM system, using a SCM-provided utility or mechanism. The list of datasets that contain source files is defined [Applications Mapping file](../samples/applicationsMapping.yaml) for a set of applications.

Also, the latest steps of the whole migration process are performing a preview build and the packaging of existing artifacts. These existing artifacts (loadmodules, DBRMs, and any other artifacts meant to be deployed belonging to the applications) are expected to be found in datasets, following the naming convention in dbb-zAppBuild for output datasets. Typically, loadmodules are stored in to a `HLQ.LOAD` library, object decks in a `HLQ.OBJ` library and DBRMS in a `HLQ.DBRM` library. The HLQ used during this phase is provided through the `APPLICATION_ARTIFACTS_HLQ` environment variable defined during the execution of the [Setup script](./Setup.sh).

## Define Applications Mapping files

This section outlines examples how to configure the `Applications Mapping` files to define the known ownership of files for the [framing phase](#the-framing-phase).

### A group of datasets contains artifacts belonging to multiple applications

In this configuration, the list of datasets defined in the `Applications Mapping` file contain artifacts from different applications, but a naming convention can be used to filter members. In the following example, the naming convention is based on the first 3 letters of the members' name. There is one exception, where we have a fully qualified member name (*LINPUT*) that is owned by the *RetirementCalculator* application:

~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - APPS.COBOL
  - APPS.COPY
  - APPS.BMS
applications:
  - application: "RetirementCalculator"
    description: "RetirementCalculator"
    owner: "MDALBIN"
    namingConventions:
      - EBU.....
      - LINPUT
  - application: "GenApp"
    description: "GenApp"
    owner: "DBEHM"
    namingConventions:
      - LGA.....
      - LGD.....
      - LGI.....
      - LGT.....
      - LGU.....
      - LGS.....
      - LGW.....
      - OLD.....
      - FLE.....
  - application: "CBSA"
    description: "CBSA"
    owner: "MDALBIN"
    namingConventions:
      - ABN.....
      - ACC.....
      - BAN.....
      - BNK.....
      - CON.....
      - CRD.....
      - CRE.....
      - CUS.....
      - DBC.....
      - DEL.....
      - DPA.....
      - GET.....
      - INQ.....
      - PRO.....
      - UPD.....
      - XFR.....
      - ZUN.....
~~~~

The result of this command is a set of Application Descriptor files and DBB Migration mapping files for each discovered application.
If a member of the input datasets doesn't match any naming convention, it is assigned to a special application called *UNASSIGNED*.

*Alternatively* you can also split up the configuration in multiple application mapping files, allowing teams to pass in their information separately:

~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - APPS.COBOL
  - APPS.COPY
  - APPS.BMS
applications:
  - application: "RetirementCalculator"
    description: "RetirementCalculator"
    owner: "MDALBIN"
    namingConventions:
      - EBU.....
      - LINPUT..
~~~~

~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - APPS.COBOL
  - APPS.COPY
  - application: "GenApp"
    description: "GenApp"
    owner: "DBEHM"
    namingConventions:
      - LGA.....
      - LGD.....
      - LGI.....
      - LGT.....
      - LGU.....
      - LGS.....
      - LGW.....
      - OLD.....
      - FLE.....
~~~~

~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - APPS.COBOL
  - APPS.COPY
  - application: "CBSA"
    description: "CBSA"
    owner: "MDALBIN"
    namingConventions:
      - ABN.....
      - ACC.....
      - BAN.....
      - BNK.....
      - CON.....
      - CRD.....
      - CRE.....
      - CUS.....
      - DBC.....
      - DEL.....
      - DPA.....
      - GET.....
      - INQ.....
      - PRO.....
      - UPD.....
      - XFR.....
      - ZUN.....
~~~~

### A group of datasets contains artifacts belonging to just one application

In this scenario, a group of datasets only contains artifacts that belong to one application exclusively.

To configure this case, an application-specific `Applications Mapping` file for the application needs to be provided in the folder of the Applications Mappings.

An universal naming convention filter like in the below sample should be used, because all artifacts from the application-specific input datasets are mapped to the defined application.

The following is an example of such an `Applications Mapping` YAML file (named *applicationsMapping-CATMAN.yaml*)
~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - CATMAN.COBOL
  - CATMAN.COPY
  - CATMAN.BMS
applications:
  - application: "Catalog Manager"
    description: "Catalog Manager"
    owner: "MDALBIN"
    namingConventions:
      - ........
~~~~

It is common to have shared files that do not have an owner, and do not belong to an application - for instance copybooks or include files.

To pass information to Migration Modeler about datasets containing these shared copybooks or include files in this scenario, create an Applications Mapping file (ex: *SHARED.yaml*) pointing to the shared libraries, but don't list any applications:

~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - APPS.COPYLIB
  - APPS.INCLIB
applications: []
~~~~

When running the Migration Modeler with these Applications Mapping files, all the artifacts found in the input datasets (CATMAN.COBOL, CATMAN.COPY and CATMAN.BMS) will be assigned to the Catalog Manager application, and artifacts found in APPS.COPYLIB and APPS.INCLIB will be initially assigned to the special application called *UNASSIGNED*.

### Working with source code that is known to be shared

For files that are already known as shared between applications and are planned to be managed in their own git repository, you can define an Applications Mapping configuration to define their dedicated context. If one library already contains these known shared include files, configure a specific `Applications Mapping` file alike the below sample:

~~~~YAML
datasets:
  - SHARED.COPY
applications:
  - application: "SHARED"
    description: "Shared include files"
    owner: "Shared ownership"
    namingConventions:
      - ........
~~~~

With this application mapping file, all files of 'SHARED.COPY' will be initially assigned to the application *SHARED*.

If shared code follows naming conventions, you can also provide naming conventions.

### Combining use cases

You can combine the above scenarios to configure Applications mapping files to use with the Migration Modeler. For instance, a given library contains artifacts from one application, while other libraries contain files from multiple applications. Or you need to apply specific naming conventions for include files.

In that case, the solution is to configure multiple Applications Mapping files:
- One Applications Mapping file would contain the definition for the datasets having artifacts belonging to only one application
- A second Applications Mapping file would contain the definitions for the datasets having artifacts from multiple applications.

The [Migration-Modeler-Start script](../src/scripts/Migration-Modeler-Start.sh) will process all available Applications Mapping files. 

## Generating properties

We encourage, as much as possible, to use simple scenarios, to avoid unnecessary complexity in the combination of types configurations.
However, some configuration may require to use combination of types, depending on how properties are set in the originating SCM solution.

### Common scenario

In a simple scenario, each artifact is assigned with one single type, that designates a known configuration in the legacy SCM tool.

For instance, the [Types file](../samples/types.txt) could contain the following lines:
~~~~
PGM001, COBBATCH
PGM002, COBCICSD
PMG003, PLIIMSDB
~~~~

Where *COBBATCH*, *COBCICSD* and *PLIIMSDB* represent configurations with specific properties. These types should be defined in the [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml) accordingly, for instance:

~~~~YAML
- typeConfiguration: "COBBATCH"
  cobol_compileParms: "LIB,SOURCE"
  cobol_linkedit: true
  isCICS: false
  isSQL: false
- typeConfiguration: "COBCICSD"
  cobol_compileParms: "LIB,SOURCE,CICS,SQL"
  cobol_linkedit: true
  isCICS: true
  isSQL: true
- typeConfiguration: "PLIIMSDB"
  pli_compileParms: "PP(INCLUDE('ID(++INCLUDE)')),SYSTEM(IMS)"
  pli_linkedit: true
  isCICS: false
  isSQL: false
  isDLI: true
~~~~

With this configuration, the [Property Generation script](./src/scripts/utils//4-generateProperties.sh) will generate Language Configurations for each of these types.

### Advanced scenario
In more sophisticated scenarios, which depend on how properties are set in the legacy SCM tool, multiple types can be assigned to an artifact:
~~~~
PGM001, COBOL, BATCH
PGM002, COBOL, CICSDB2
PMG003, PLI, IMSDB
~~~~

Each type configuration would be defined separately in the [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml), for instance:

~~~~YAML
- typeConfiguration: "COBOL"
  cobol_compileParms: "LIB,SOURCE"
  cobol_linkedit: true
- typeConfiguration: "PLI"
  pli_compileParms: "PP(INCLUDE('ID(++INCLUDE)'))"
  pli_linkedit: true
- typeConfiguration: "BATCH"
  isCICS: false
- typeConfiguration: "CICSDB2"
  isCICS: true
  isSQL: true
- typeConfiguration: "IMSDB"
  pli_compileIMSParms: SYSTEM(IMS)  
  isCICS: false
  isSQL: false
  isDLI: true
~~~~

In this configuration, the [Property Generation script](./src/scripts/utils/4-generateProperties.sh) will generate composite Language Configurations files in *dbb-zAppbuild*'s [build-conf/language-conf](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/tree/main/build-conf/language-conf) folder.
In this example, 3 files would be created:
* *BATCH-COBOL.properties* which combines properties from the *BATCH* and the *COBOL* types
* *CICSDB2-COBOL.properties*, which combines properties from the *CICSDB2* and the *COBOL* types
* *IMSDB-PLI.properties*, which combines properties from the *IMSDB* and *PLI* types

The name of composite types are based on the names of the originating types sorted alphabetically, to avoid duplication.
The Language Configuration mapping file in each application's *application-conf* folder contains mappings between artifacts and their associated composite types, also sorted alphabetically.


# Working with the DBB Git Migration Modeler utility

In the sample walkthrough below, all COBOL programs files of all applications are stored in a library called `COBOL`. COBOL Include files are stored in the `COPYBOOK` library.

The DBB Git Migration Modeler utility is a set of shell scripts that are wrapping groovy scripts. The scripts are using DBB APIs and groovy APIs.

There are 2 primary command scripts located in the [src/scripts subfolder](./src/scripts) :

* The [Migration-Modeler-Start script](./src/scripts/Migration-Modeler-Start.sh) facilitates the assignment of source files to applications, the migration of source files to USS folders, the usage assessment of include files and submodules,  the generation of build configurations, and the initialization of Git repositories.
* The [Refresh-Application-Descriptor-Files script](./src/scripts/Refresh-Application-Descriptor-Files.sh) is used to re-create Application Descriptors for existing applications that are already managed in Git.

The below sections explain these two primary scripts.

## The Migration-Modeler-Start script

To facilitate the extraction, migration, classification, generation of build configuration and initialization of Git repositories, a sample script, called the [Migration-Modeler-Start script](./src/scripts/Migration-Modeler-Start.sh), is provided to guide the user through the multiple steps of the process.

This script is invoked with the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file passed as a parameter.
The DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file contains the input parameters to the process.

Each stage of the process is represented by specific scripts under the covers. The Migration-Modeler-Start script calls the individual scripts in sequence, passing them the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file via the `-c` parameter. We recommend to execute the `Migration-Modeler-Start.sh` script.

For reference, the following list is a description of the scripts called by the `Migration-Modeler-Start.sh` script:

1. [Extract Applications script (1-extractApplication.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/1-extractApplications.sh): this script scans the content of the provided datasets and assesses each member based on the applications' naming conventions defined in Applications Mapping files.
For each member found, it searches in the *Applications Mapping* YAML file if a naming convention, applied as a filter, matches the member name:
   * If it's a match, the member is assigned to the application that owns the matching naming convention.
   * If no convention is matching, the member is assigned to the *UNASSIGNED* application.
   * **Outputs**: After the execution of this script, the `DBB_MODELER_APPCONFIG_DIR` folder contains 2 files per application found:
      * An initial Application Descriptor file.
      * A DBB Migration mapping file depending on the definitions in the *Repository Paths* mapping file.

2. [Run Migrations script (2-runMigrations.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/2-runMigrations.sh): this script executes the DBB Migration utility for each application with the generated DBB Migration Mapping files created by the previous step.
It will copy all the files assigned to the given applications' subfolders. Unassigned members are migrated into an *UNASSIGNED* application.
The outcome of this script are subfolders created in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder for each application. A benefit from this step is the documentation about non-roundtripable and non-printable characters for each application. 

3. [Classification script (3-classify.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/3-classify.sh): this script scans the source code and performs the classification process. It calls two groovy scripts ([scanApplication.groovy](./src/groovy/scanApplication.groovy) and [assessUsage.groovy](./src/groovy/assessUsage.groovy)) to respectively scans the content of each files of the applications using the DBB scanner, and assesses how Include Files and Programs are used by all the applications.
   * For the scanning phase, the script iterates through the list of identified applications, and uses the DBB scanner to understand the dependencies for each artifact.
   This information is stored in the DBB Metadatastore that holds the dependencies information.

   * The second phase of the process uses this Metadata information to understand how Include Files and Programs are used across all applications and classify the Include Files in three categories (Private, Public or Shared) and Programs in three categories ("main", "internal submodule", "service submodule").
   Depending on the results of this assessment, Include Files may be moved from one application to another, Programs are not subject to move.

   * **Outputs**
      * The Application Descriptor file for each application is updated to reflect the findings of this step, and stored in the application's subfolder located in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder (if not already present).
      As it contains additional details, we refer to is as the final Application Descriptor file.
      * The DBB Migration mapping file is also updated accordingly, if files were moved from an owning application to another. 

4. [Property Generation script (4-generateProperties.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/4-generateProperties.sh): this script generates build properties for [dbb-zAppBuild](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/).
This step is optional.  
The script uses the type of each artifact to generate (or reuse if already existing) Language Configurations, as configured in the [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml).
   * **Outputs**
      * These Language Configurations files are placed into a copy of the dbb-zAppBuild instance pointed by the `DBB_ZAPPBUILD` variable, the copy being stored in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder.  
      * An **application-conf** folder is created within each application's subfolder in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder, and contains customized files to enable the use of the Language Configurations. A manual step needs to be performed to completely enable this configuration.

5. [Init Application Repositories script (5-initApplicationRepositories.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/5-initApplicationRepositories.sh) is provided to perform the following steps for each application:
   1. Initialization of the Git repository using a default `.gitattributes` file, creation of a customized `zapp.yaml` file, copy of the pipeline definitions, creation of a baseline tag and commit of the changes,
   2. Execution of a full build with dbb-zAppBuild, using the preview option (no file is actually built) as a preview of the expected outcomes,
   3. Creation of a baseline package using the `PackageBuildOutputs.groovy` script based on the preview build report. The purpose of this step is to package the existing build artifacts (load modules, DBRMs, jobs, etc.) that correspond to the version of the migrated source code files.

### Extracting members from datasets into applications

The [Extract Applications script (1-extractApplication.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/1-extractApplications.sh) requires the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file.

The use of the DBB Scanner (controlled via `SCAN_DATASET_MEMBERS` variable) can be used to automatically identify the language and type of a file (Cobol, PLI, etc...). When enabled, each file is scanned to identify its language and file type, and these criteria are used first when identifying which *repository path* the file should be assigned to.
When disabled, types and low-level qualifiers of the containing dataset are used, in this order.

<details>
  <summary>Output example</summary>
Execution of the command:

```
./src/scripts/utils/1-extractApplications.sh -c /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
```

Output log:
~~~~  
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/extractApplications.groovy 		--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 		--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/1-extractApplications.log
2025-04-10 14:13:13.409 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-10 14:13:13.443 	DBB_MODELER_APPCONFIG_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs
2025-04-10 14:13:13.446 	REPOSITORY_PATH_MAPPING_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml
2025-04-10 14:13:13.450 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-10 14:13:13.452 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-10 14:13:13.455 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/1-extractApplications.log
2025-04-10 14:13:13.457 	DBB_MODELER_APPMAPPINGS_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications-mappings
2025-04-10 14:13:13.460 	APPLICATION_MEMBER_TYPE_MAPPING -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/types.txt
2025-04-10 14:13:13.463 	SCAN_DATASET_MEMBERS_ENCODING -> IBM-1047
2025-04-10 14:13:13.465 	SCAN_DATASET_MEMBERS -> false
2025-04-10 14:13:13.467 ** Reading the Repository Layout Mapping definition.
2025-04-10 14:13:13.691 ** Reading the Type Mapping definition.
2025-04-10 14:13:13.712 ** Loading the provided Applications Mapping files.
2025-04-10 14:13:13.720 *** Importing 'applicationsMapping.yaml'
2025-04-10 14:13:13.743 *** Importing 'applicationsMapping-retirementCalculator.yaml'
2025-04-10 14:13:13.752 ** Iterating through the provided datasets and mapped applications.
2025-04-10 14:13:13.779 **** Found 'DBEHM.MIG.BMS' referenced by applications 'GenApp', 'CBSA'
2025-04-10 14:13:14.064 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.BMS(EPSMLIS)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.124 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.BMS(EPSMORT)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.205 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.BMS(SSMAP)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.211 **** Found 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COPY' referenced by applications 'RetirementCalculator'
2025-04-10 14:13:14.220 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COPY(LINPUT)' - Mapped Application: RetirementCalculator
2025-04-10 14:13:14.222 **** Found 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL' referenced by applications 'GenApp', 'CBSA'
2025-04-10 14:13:14.238 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(ABNDPROC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.248 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(ACCLOAD)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.255 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(ACCOFFL)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.261 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(ACCTCTRL)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.269 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BANKDATA)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.276 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNKMENU)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.284 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1CAC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.288 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1CCA)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.291 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1CCS)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.294 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1CRA)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.297 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1DAC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.301 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1DCS)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.306 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1TFN)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.309 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(BNK1UAC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.312 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CONSENT)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.315 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CONSTTST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.317 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CRDTAGY1)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.320 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CRDTAGY2)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.323 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CRDTAGY3)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.326 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CRDTAGY4)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.329 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CRDTAGY5)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.332 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CREACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.336 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CRECUST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.339 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(CUSTCTRL)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.342 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(DBCRFUN)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.346 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(DELACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.349 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(DELCUS)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.353 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(DPAYAPI)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.356 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(DPAYTST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.360 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(GETCOMPY)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.363 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(GETSCODE)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.367 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(INQACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.371 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(INQACCCU)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.375 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(INQCUST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.379 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGACDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.382 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGACDB02)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.386 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGACUS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.390 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGACVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.394 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGAPDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.398 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGAPOL01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.401 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGAPVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.405 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGASTAT1)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.409 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGDPDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.413 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGDPOL01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.417 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGDPVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.421 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGICDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.425 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGICUS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.428 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGICVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.432 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGIPDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.436 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGIPOL01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.440 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGIPVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.444 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGSETUP)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.448 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGSTSQ)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.451 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGTESTC1)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.455 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGTESTP1)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.459 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGTESTP2)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.463 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGTESTP3)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.466 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGTESTP4)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.470 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGUCDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.474 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGUCUS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.478 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGUCVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.482 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGUPDB01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.485 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGUPOL01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.489 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGUPVS01)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.493 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(LGWEBST5)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.497 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(OLDACDB1)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.504 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(OLDACDB2)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.509 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(PROLOAD)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.513 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(PROOFFL)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.517 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(UPDACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.521 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(UPDCUST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.524 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL(XFRFUN)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.527 **** Found 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY' referenced by applications 'GenApp', 'CBSA'
2025-04-10 14:13:14.533 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(ABNDINFO)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.535 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(ACCDB2)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.537 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(ACCOUNT)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.539 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(ACCTCTRL)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.540 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1ACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.542 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1CAM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.544 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1CCM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.546 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1CDM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.548 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1DAM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.550 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1DCM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.551 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1MAI)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.553 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1TFM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.555 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(BNK1UAM)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.557 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CONSENT)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.559 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CONSTAPI)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.560 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CONSTDB2)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.562 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CONTDB2)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.564 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CREACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.566 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CRECUST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.568 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CUSTCTRL)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.570 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(CUSTOMER)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.573 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(DATASTR)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.577 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(DELACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.579 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(DELCUS)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.581 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(GETCOMPY)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.584 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(GETSCODE)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.586 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(INQACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.589 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(INQACCCU)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.591 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(INQCUST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.594 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(LGCMAREA)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.597 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(LGCMARED)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.600 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(LGPOLICY)' - Mapped Application: GenApp
2025-04-10 14:13:14.603 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(PAYDBCR)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.608 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(PROCDB2)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.611 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(PROCTRAN)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.614 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(SORTCODE)' - Mapped Application: UNASSIGNED
2025-04-10 14:13:14.618 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(UPDACC)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.621 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(UPDCUST)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.624 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY(XFRFUN)' - Mapped Application: CBSA
2025-04-10 14:13:14.626 **** Found 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COBOL' referenced by applications 'RetirementCalculator'
2025-04-10 14:13:14.631 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COBOL(EBUD0RUN)' - Mapped Application: RetirementCalculator
2025-04-10 14:13:14.631 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COBOL(EBUD01)' - Mapped Application: RetirementCalculator
2025-04-10 14:13:14.632 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COBOL(EBUD02)' - Mapped Application: RetirementCalculator
2025-04-10 14:13:14.633 ***** 'DBEHM.MIG.RETCALC.COBOL(EBUD03)' - Mapped Application: RetirementCalculator
2025-04-10 14:13:14.645 ** Generating Applications Configurations files.
2025-04-10 14:13:14.647 ** Generating Configuration files for application UNASSIGNED.
2025-04-10 14:13:14.953 	Created DBB Migration Utility mapping file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/UNASSIGNED.mapping
2025-04-10 14:13:15.208 	Created Application Description file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/UNASSIGNED.yml
2025-04-10 14:13:15.263 	Estimated storage size of migrated members: 36,244 bytes
2025-04-10 14:13:15.263 ** Generating Configuration files for application CBSA.
2025-04-10 14:13:15.493 	Created DBB Migration Utility mapping file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/CBSA.mapping
2025-04-10 14:13:15.718 	Created Application Description file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/CBSA.yml
2025-04-10 14:13:15.928 	Estimated storage size of migrated members: 1,147,571 bytes
2025-04-10 14:13:15.929 ** Generating Configuration files for application GenApp.
2025-04-10 14:13:16.136 	Created DBB Migration Utility mapping file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/GenApp.mapping
2025-04-10 14:13:16.331 	Created Application Description file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/GenApp.yml
2025-04-10 14:13:16.429 	Estimated storage size of migrated members: 463,749 bytes
2025-04-10 14:13:16.429 ** Generating Configuration files for application RetirementCalculator.
2025-04-10 14:13:16.621 	Created DBB Migration Utility mapping file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/RetirementCalculator.mapping
2025-04-10 14:13:16.822 	Created Application Description file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/RetirementCalculator.yml
2025-04-10 14:13:16.839 	Estimated storage size of migrated members: 12,838 bytes
2025-04-10 14:13:16.841 ** Estimated storage size of all migrated members: 1,660,402 bytes
~~~~
</details>

### Migrating the members from MVS datasets to USS folders

The [Run Migrations script (2-runMigrations.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/2-runMigrations.sh) only requires the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler Configuration file as parameter, to locate the work directories (controlled via `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR`).
It will search for all the DBB Migration mapping files located in the *work-configs* directory, and will process them in sequence.

<details>
  <summary>Output example for a single application (CBSA)</summary>
Execution of the command:

`./src/scripts/utils/2-runMigrations.sh -c /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config`

Output log:  
~~~~
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/migration/bin/migrate.groovy -l /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/2-GenApp.migration.log -np info -r /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/GenApp.mapping
Messages will be saved in /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/2-GenApp.migration.log
Non-printable scan level is info
Local GIT repository: /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp
Migrate data sets using mapping file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs/GenApp.mapping
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGASTAT1] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgastat1.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGSTSQ] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgstsq.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY, LGCMAREA] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmarea.cpy using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.BMS, SSMAP] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/bms/ssmap.bms using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGTESTP3] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp3.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGDPOL01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpol01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGTESTP1] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp1.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGICDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGUPVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGUPOL01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupol01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGUCDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGWEBST5] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgwebst5.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGAPVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGUCUS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucus01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGACUS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGACVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGIPOL01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY, LGPOLICY] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgpolicy.cpy using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGDPVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGACDB02] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb02.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGAPOL01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapol01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGICVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGIPVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGDPDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGUCVS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucvs01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COPY, LGCMARED] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmared.cpy using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGTESTP4] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp4.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGTESTP2] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp2.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGUPDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGICUS01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGAPDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGTESTC1] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestc1.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGSETUP] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgsetup.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGIPDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
Copying [DBEHM.MIG.OTHER.COBOL, LGACDB01] to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb01.cbl using IBM-1047
~~~~
</details>

### Assessing the usage of Include Files and Programs

The [Classification script (3-classify.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/3-classify.sh) only requires the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler Configuration file as parameter, to locate the work directories.

It will search for all DBB Migration mapping files located in the `DBB_MODELER_APPCONFIG_DIR` folder and will process applications' definitions found in this folder.
This script works in 2 phases:
1. The first phase is a scan of all the files found in the applications' subfolders,
2. The second phase is an analysis of how the different Include Files and Programs are used by all known applications. 

<details>
  <summary>Output example for a single application (CBSA)</summary>
Execution of the command:

`./src/scripts/utils/3-classify.sh -c /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config`

Output log:
~~~~
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/scanApplication.groovy 			--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 			--application GenApp 			--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-GenApp-scan.log
2025-04-10 14:27:43.213 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-10 14:27:43.247 	PIPELINE_USER -> ADO
2025-04-10 14:27:43.250 	application -> GenApp
2025-04-10 14:27:43.254 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-10 14:27:43.257 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-10 14:27:43.260 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-GenApp-scan.log
2025-04-10 14:27:43.264 	DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE -> db2
2025-04-10 14:27:43.267 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf
2025-04-10 14:27:43.270 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD -> 
2025-04-10 14:27:43.274 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt
2025-04-10 14:27:43.276 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID -> MDALBIN
2025-04-10 14:27:43.279 	APPLICATION_DEFAULT_BRANCH -> main
2025-04-10 14:27:43.733 ** Scanning the files.
2025-04-10 14:27:43.841 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp2.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.005 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.042 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucus01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.070 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.094 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.185 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.214 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.239 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgpolicy.cpy 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.312 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgsetup.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.351 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmarea.cpy 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.406 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.470 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.503 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp1.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.535 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.555 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestc1.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.581 	Scanning file GenApp/.gitattributes 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.583 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.602 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.620 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/bms/ssmap.bms 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.865 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmared.cpy 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.877 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.887 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb02.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.897 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.906 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.916 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.926 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp4.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.938 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.952 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.961 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.970 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.979 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgastat1.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.988 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:44.997 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:45.013 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgstsq.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:45.022 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp3.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:45.033 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgwebst5.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:27:45.058 ** Storing results in the 'GenApp-main' DBB Collection.
2025-04-10 14:27:46.395 ** Setting collection owner to ADO
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/assessUsage.groovy 			--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 			--application GenApp 			--moveFiles 			--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-GenApp-assessUsage.log
2025-04-10 14:28:43.396 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-10 14:28:43.447 	DBB_MODELER_APPCONFIG_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs
2025-04-10 14:28:43.450 	application -> GenApp
2025-04-10 14:28:43.453 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-10 14:28:43.456 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-10 14:28:43.459 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-GenApp-assessUsage.log
2025-04-10 14:28:43.462 	DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE -> db2
2025-04-10 14:28:43.465 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf
2025-04-10 14:28:43.469 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD -> 
2025-04-10 14:28:43.472 	moveFiles -> true
2025-04-10 14:28:43.475 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt
2025-04-10 14:28:43.478 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID -> MDALBIN
2025-04-10 14:28:44.162 ** Getting the list of files of 'Include File' type.
2025-04-10 14:28:44.195 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgpolicy.cpy'.
2025-04-10 14:28:44.597 	Files depending on 'GenApp/src/copy/lgpolicy.cpy' :
2025-04-10 14:28:44.605 	'UNASSIGNED/UNASSIGNED/src/cobol/oldacdb1.cbl' in  Application  'UNASSIGNED'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.606 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.606 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.607 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.608 	'UNASSIGNED/UNASSIGNED/src/cobol/oldacdb2.cbl' in  Application  'UNASSIGNED'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.609 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.609 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicdb01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.610 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb02.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:44.612 	==> 'lgpolicy' referenced by multiple applications - [UNASSIGNED, GenApp]
2025-04-10 14:28:44.613 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'lgpolicy' to 'public' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.152 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmared.cpy'.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.260 	The Include File 'lgcmared' is not referenced at all.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.462 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmarea.cpy'.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.578 	Files depending on 'GenApp/src/copy/lgcmarea.cpy' :
2025-04-10 14:28:45.578 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpol01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.578 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp3.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.579 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.579 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.579 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupol01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.579 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucvs01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.579 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgastat1.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.581 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp1.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.581 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapvs01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.581 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacvs01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.581 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupvs01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.581 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucus01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.582 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp4.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.582 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpvs01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.582 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp2.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.582 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.582 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestc1.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.583 	'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapol01.cbl' in  Application  'GenApp'
2025-04-10 14:28:45.585 	==> 'lgcmarea' is owned by the 'GenApp' application
2025-04-10 14:28:45.586 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'lgcmarea' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.788 ** Getting the list of files of 'Program' type.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.813 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:45.873 	The Program 'lgicus01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.076 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpol01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.146 	The Program 'lgdpol01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.338 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.406 	The Program 'lgipdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.610 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp3.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.662 	The Program 'lgtestp3' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.853 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp4.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:46.904 	The Program 'lgtestp4' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.102 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.151 	The Program 'lgacvs01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.364 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgsetup.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.415 	The Program 'lgsetup' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.604 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapol01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.655 	The Program 'lgapol01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.848 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:47.893 	The Program 'lgipvs01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.088 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupol01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.136 	The Program 'lgupol01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.325 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.375 	The Program 'lgacdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.563 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb02.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.607 	The Program 'lgacdb02' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.795 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgstsq.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:48.857 	The Program 'lgstsq' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.067 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp1.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.108 	The Program 'lgtestp1' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.298 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp2.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.343 	The Program 'lgtestp2' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.535 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.576 	The Program 'lgdpdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.779 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucus01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:49.819 	The Program 'lgucus01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.006 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.051 	The Program 'lgapvs01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.235 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.275 	The Program 'lgucdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.464 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.501 	The Program 'lgdpvs01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.524 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestc1.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.558 	The Program 'lgtestc1' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.580 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgastat1.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.618 	The Program 'lgastat1' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.638 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.686 	The Program 'lgapdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.706 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.742 	The Program 'lgicvs01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.763 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.798 	The Program 'lgipol01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.818 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.852 	The Program 'lgacus01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.873 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgwebst5.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.913 	The Program 'lgwebst5' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.937 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.976 	The Program 'lgucvs01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:50.997 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:51.042 	The Program 'lgupdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:51.064 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicdb01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:51.099 	The Program 'lgicdb01' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-10 14:28:51.126 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupvs01.cbl'.
2025-04-10 14:28:51.164 	The Program 'lgupvs01' is not called by any other program.
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/scanApplication.groovy 			--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 			--application GenApp 			--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-GenApp-rescan.log
2025-04-10 14:29:27.767 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-10 14:29:27.810 	PIPELINE_USER -> ADO
2025-04-10 14:29:27.813 	application -> GenApp
2025-04-10 14:29:27.816 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-10 14:29:27.819 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-10 14:29:27.821 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-GenApp-rescan.log
2025-04-10 14:29:27.826 	DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE -> db2
2025-04-10 14:29:27.829 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf
2025-04-10 14:29:27.832 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD -> 
2025-04-10 14:29:27.834 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt
2025-04-10 14:29:27.838 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID -> MDALBIN
2025-04-10 14:29:27.840 	APPLICATION_DEFAULT_BRANCH -> main
2025-04-10 14:29:28.281 ** Scanning the files.
2025-04-10 14:29:28.390 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp2.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.522 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.602 	Scanning file GenApp/applicationDescriptor.yml 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.647 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucus01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.671 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.693 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.744 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.772 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.796 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgpolicy.cpy 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.866 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgsetup.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.906 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmarea.cpy 
2025-04-10 14:29:28.958 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.025 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.057 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp1.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.084 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.152 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestc1.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.177 	Scanning file GenApp/.gitattributes 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.178 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.196 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.214 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/bms/ssmap.bms 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.439 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/copy/lgcmared.cpy 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.450 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgucdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.460 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb02.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.470 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.479 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgapvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.489 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgicdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.498 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp4.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.511 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.520 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupol01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.531 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.542 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgipvs01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.550 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgastat1.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.557 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.565 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgupdb01.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.578 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgstsq.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.585 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp3.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.595 	Scanning file GenApp/GenApp/src/cobol/lgwebst5.cbl 
2025-04-10 14:29:29.617 ** Storing results in the 'GenApp-main' DBB Collection.
2025-04-10 14:29:30.884 ** Setting collection owner to ADO
~~~~
</details>

### Generating Property files

The [Property Generation script (4-generateProperties.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/4-generateProperties.sh) requires the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file as parameter.

The script will search for all the applications' subfolders in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder and will process application definitions found in this folder.
For each application found, it will search for the artifacts of type 'Program', and, for each of them, will check if a Language Configuration exists, based on the *type* information.
If the Language Configuration doesn't exist, the script will create it (potentially combining multiple type configurations if necessary).

This script will also generate application's related configuration, stored in a custom *application-conf* subfolder.
If configuration was changed, an *INFO* message is shown, explaining that a manual task must be performed to enable the use of the Language Configuration mapping for a given application.

<details>
  <summary>Output example for a single application (GenApp)</summary>
Execution of the command:
	
`./src/scripts/utils/4-generateProperties.sh  -c /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config`

Output log:
~~~~
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/generateProperties.groovy 			--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 			--application GenApp 			--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/4-GenApp-generateProperties.log
2025-04-10 14:30:55.834 ** Reading the Types Configurations definitions from '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/typesConfigurations.yaml'.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.090 ** Copying default application-conf directory to /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/application-conf
2025-04-10 14:30:56.153 ** Getting the list of files.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.154 *** Generate/Validate Language Configuration properties files.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.171 	Assessing file lgacdb01 with type CBLCICSDB2.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.173 	Generating new Language Configuration /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/dbb-zappbuild/build-conf/language-conf/CBLCICSDB2.properties for type 'CBLCICSDB2'
2025-04-10 14:30:56.212 	Assessing file lgacdb02 with type CBLDB2.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.212 	Generating new Language Configuration /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/dbb-zappbuild/build-conf/language-conf/CBLDB2.properties for type 'CBLDB2'
2025-04-10 14:30:56.229 	Assessing file lgacus01 with type PLICICS.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.230 	Generating new Language Configuration /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/dbb-zappbuild/build-conf/language-conf/PLICICS.properties for type 'PLICICS'
2025-04-10 14:30:56.246 *** Generate the language configuration mapping file /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/application-conf/languageConfigurationMapping.properties.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.253 *** Generate loadLanguageConfigurationProperties configuration in /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/application-conf/file.properties.
2025-04-10 14:30:56.486 ** INFO: Don't forget to enable the use of Language Configuration by uncommenting the 'loadLanguageConfigurationProperties' property in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/GenApp/application-conf/file.properties'
~~~~
</details>

### Initializing Application Git Repositories

The [Init Application Repositories script (5-initApplicationRepositories.sh)](./src/scripts/utils/5-initApplicationRepositories.sh) requires the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file as parameter, to locate the work directories.

It will search for all applications located in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder and will process application definitions found in this folder.

<details>
  <summary> Output example for a single application (CBSA)</summary>
Execution of command:
	
`./src/scripts/utils/5-initApplicationRepositories.sh -c /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config`

~~~~
[CMD] git init --initial-branch=main
Initialized empty Git repository in /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/.git/
[CMD] chtag -c IBM-1047 -t applicationDescriptor.yml
[CMD] rm .gitattributes
[CMD] cp /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/git-config/.gitattributes .gitattributes
[CMD] cp /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/git-config/zapp.yaml zapp.yaml
[CMD] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/utils/zappUtils.groovy 					-z /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/zapp.yaml -a /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/applicationDescriptor.yml -b /var/dbb/dbb-zappbuild_300
** Build finished
[CMD] cp /u/mdalbin/dbb-MD/Templates/AzureDevOpsPipeline/azure-pipelines.yml /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/
[CMD] cp -R /u/mdalbin/dbb-MD/Templates/AzureDevOpsPipeline/templates/deployment/*.yml /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/deployment/
[CMD] cp -R /u/mdalbin/dbb-MD/Templates/AzureDevOpsPipeline/templates/tagging/*.yml /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp/tagging/
[CMD] git status
On branch main

No commits yet

Untracked files:
  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
	.gitattributes
	GenApp/
	applicationDescriptor.yml
	azure-pipelines.yml
	deployment/
	tagging/
	zapp.yaml

nothing added to commit but untracked files present (use "git add" to track)
[CMD] git add --all
[CMD] git commit -m 'Initial Commit'
[main (root-commit) 086b763] Initial Commit
 62 files changed, 13390 insertions(+)
 create mode 100644 .gitattributes
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/ACBgen.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/Assembler.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/BMS.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/CRB.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/Cobol.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/DBDgen.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/Easytrieve.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/LinkEdit.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/MFS.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/PLI.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/PSBgen.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/README.md
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/REXX.properties
 create mode 100755 GenApp/application-conf/TazUnitTest.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/Transfer.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/application.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/bind.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/file.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/languageConfigurationMapping.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/application-conf/reports.properties
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/bms/ssmap.bms
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgacdb02.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgacus01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgacvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgapdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgapol01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgapvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgastat1.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpol01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgdpvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgicdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgicus01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgicvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgipdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgipol01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgipvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgsetup.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgstsq.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestc1.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp1.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp2.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp3.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgtestp4.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgucdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgucus01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgucvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgupdb01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgupol01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgupvs01.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/cobol/lgwebst5.cbl
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/copy/lgcmarea.cpy
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/copy/lgcmared.cpy
 create mode 100644 GenApp/src/copy/lgpolicy.cpy
 create mode 100644 applicationDescriptor.yml
 create mode 100644 azure-pipelines.yml
 create mode 100644 deployment/deployReleasePackage.yml
 create mode 100644 tagging/createProductionReleaseTag.yml
 create mode 100644 tagging/createReleaseCandidate.yml
 create mode 100644 zapp.yaml
[CMD] git tag rel-2.1.0
[CMD] git branch rel-2.1.0 refs/tags/rel-2.1.0
** /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /var/dbb/dbb-zappbuild_300/build.groovy 				--workspace /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp 				--application GenApp 				--outDir /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/GenApp 				--fullBuild 				--hlq DBEHM.MIG --preview 				--logEncoding UTF-8 				--applicationCurrentBranch main 				--propOverwrites createBuildOutputSubfolder=false,metadataStoreType=db2,metadataStoreDb2ConnectionConf=/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf --id MDALBIN --pwFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt 				--propFiles /var/dbb/dbb-zappbuild-config/build.properties,/var/dbb/dbb-zappbuild-config/datasets.properties
** /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/dbb-MD/Pipeline/PackageBuildOutputs/PackageBuildOutputs.groovy 				--workDir /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/GenApp \ 
				--addExtension 				--branch main 				--version rel-2.1.0 				--tarFileName GenApp-rel-2.1.0.tar 				--applicationFolderPath /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/GenApp 				--owner ADO:JENKINSG -p --artifactRepositoryUrl http://10.3.20.231:8081/artifactory 				     --artifactRepositoryUser admin 				     --artifactRepositoryPassword artifactoryadmin 				     --artifactRepositoryName GenApp
~~~~

</details>

## Refreshing Application Descriptor files

When applications are migrated to Git and development teams leverage the modern CI/CD pipeline, source files will be modified, added, or deleted.
It is expected that the list of elements composing an application and its cross-applications dependencies change over time.
To reflect these changes, the **Application Descriptor** file needs to be refreshed.

Additionally, if applications are already migrated to Git and use pipelines, but don't have an Application Descriptor file yet, and the development teams want to leverage its benefits, this creation process should be followed.

A second command is shipped for this workflow. The [Refresh Application Descriptor script](./src/scripts/Refresh-Application-Descriptor-Files.sh) facilitates the refresh process by rescanning the source code, initializing new or resetting the Application Descriptor files, and performing the assessment phase for all applications. The refresh of the Application Descriptor files must occur on the entire code base like on the initial assessment process.

Like the other scripts, it requires the path to the DBB Git Migration Modeler configuration file as parameter. This configuration file can be created with the [Setup](#setting-up-the-dbb-git-migration-modeler-configuration) instructions.

The main script calls three groovy scripts ([scanApplication.groovy](./src/groovy/scanApplication.groovy), [recreateApplicationDescriptor.groovy](./src/groovy/recreateApplicationDescriptor.groovy) and [assessUsage.groovy](./src/groovy/assessUsage.groovy)) to scan the files of the applications using the DBB Scanner, initialize Application Descriptor files based on the files present in the working directories, and assess how Include Files and Programs are used across the applications landscape:

   * For the scanning phase, the script iterates through the files located within applications' subfolder in the `DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR` folder.
   It uses the DBB Scanner to understand the dependencies for each artifact.
   This information is stored in the DBB Metadatastore that holds the dependencies information.

   * In the second phase, the Application Descriptor files are initialized.
   If an Application Descriptor is found, the source groups and dependencies/consumers information are reset.
   If no Application Descriptor is found, a new one is created.
   For each Application Descriptor, the present files in the working folders are documented and grouped according to the `RepositoryPathsMapping.yaml` file.
   If no mapping is found, the files are added into the Application Descriptor with default values based on the low-level qualifier of the containing dataset.

   * The third phase of the process uses the dependency information to understand how Include Files and Programs are used across all applications. It then classifies the Include Files in three categories (Private, Public or Shared) and Programs in three categories (main, internal submodule, service submodule) and updates the Application Descriptor accordingly.

### Outputs

For each application, a refreshed Application Descriptor is created at the root directory of the application's folder in z/OS UNIX System Services.

### Recommended usage

Recreating the Application Descriptor files requires to scan all files and might be time and resource consuming based on the size of the applications landscape.
Consider using this process on a regular basis, like once a week.
The recommendation would be to set up a pipeline, that checks out all Git repositories to a working sandbox, and executes the `Recreate Application Descriptor` script. Once the Application Descriptor files updated within the Git repositories, the pipeline can be enabled to automatically commit and push the updates back to the central Git provider.

<details>
  <summary>Output example</summary>
Execution of command:
	
`./src/scripts/Refresh-Application-Descriptor-Files.sh -c /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-DBEHM-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config`

Output log:
~~~~
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/scanApplication.groovy 				--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 				--application CBSA 				--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-scan.log
2025-04-09 13:52:36.462 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-09 13:52:36.505 	PIPELINE_USER -> ADO
2025-04-09 13:52:36.508 	application -> CBSA
2025-04-09 13:52:36.511 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-09 13:52:36.514 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-09 13:52:36.517 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-scan.log
2025-04-09 13:52:36.520 	DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE -> db2
2025-04-09 13:52:36.522 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf
2025-04-09 13:52:36.525 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD -> 
2025-04-09 13:52:36.528 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt
2025-04-09 13:52:36.533 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID -> MDALBIN
2025-04-09 13:52:36.536 	APPLICATION_DEFAULT_BRANCH -> main
2025-04-09 13:52:36.971 ** Scanning the files.
2025-04-09 13:52:37.144 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/DBDgen.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.282 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getscode.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.366 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.436 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/contdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.444 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.485 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cac.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.558 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dcm.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.656 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.742 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/consent.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.758 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1ccs.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.827 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/sortcode.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.831 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/file.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.871 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/custctrl.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.880 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/PLI.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.895 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.917 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:37.996 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.071 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/TazUnitTest.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.083 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA.yaml 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.118 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/delacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.131 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpayapi.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.155 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/constapi.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.166 	Scanning file CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.200 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cam.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.315 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consttst.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.327 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.346 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.385 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Assembler.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.405 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/accoffl.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.425 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/updacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.435 	Scanning file CBSA/.gitattributes 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.448 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/datastr.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.453 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/application.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.485 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.498 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/accload.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.513 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Transfer.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.516 	Scanning file CBSA/tagging/createReleaseCandidate.yml 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.548 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1ccm.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.594 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Cobol.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.607 	Scanning file CBSA/deployment/deployReleasePackage.yml 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.623 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/CRB.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.626 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/bind.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.632 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.652 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.670 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/customer.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.677 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/crecust.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.683 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/creacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.692 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/languageConfigurationMapping.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.696 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/LinkEdit.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.706 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.724 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1acc.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.735 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1uam.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.776 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/abndproc.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.782 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.787 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/procdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.792 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/ACBgen.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.794 	Scanning file CBSA/tagging/createProductionReleaseTag.yml 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.801 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/MFS.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.806 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/reports.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.816 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/abndinfo.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.821 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/xfrfun.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.824 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/PSBgen.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.829 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.841 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Easytrieve.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.850 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/constdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.855 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/getcompy.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.857 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.865 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.873 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.884 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/REXX.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.892 	Scanning file CBSA/zapp.yaml 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.895 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqacccu.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.901 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1tfn.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.914 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/proload.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.921 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.930 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cdm.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.941 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.945 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cra.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.956 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/prooffl.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.962 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.972 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/acctctrl.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.975 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/delcus.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.979 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/proctran.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.992 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/updcust.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.996 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/getscode.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:38.997 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.011 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.018 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/account.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.024 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dam.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.050 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/paydbcr.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.053 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getcompy.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.056 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.060 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/accdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.063 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/BMS.properties 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.068 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.072 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1mai.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.079 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.096 	Scanning file CBSA/azure-pipelines.yml 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.111 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1uac.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.124 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnkmenu.cbl 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.136 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/README.md 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.198 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqcust.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.201 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1tfm.cpy 
2025-04-09 13:52:39.217 ** Storing results in the 'CBSA-main' DBB Collection.
2025-04-09 13:52:41.165 ** Setting collection owner to ADO
[CMD] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/recreateApplicationDescriptor.groovy 				--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 				--application CBSA 				--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-createApplicationDescriptor.log
2025-04-09 14:03:27.588 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-09 14:03:27.617 	REPOSITORY_PATH_MAPPING_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml
2025-04-09 14:03:27.620 	application -> CBSA
2025-04-09 14:03:27.624 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-09 14:03:27.628 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-09 14:03:27.631 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-createApplicationDescriptor.log
2025-04-09 14:03:27.634 ** Reading the Repository Layout Mapping definition.
2025-04-09 14:03:27.864 ** Importing existing Application Descriptor and reset source groups, dependencies and consumers.
2025-04-09 14:03:27.906 ** Getting List of files /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA
2025-04-09 14:03:28.112 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/24/79cd7afe658ecc8801d10f9f8cb42382d53d16' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.113 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/46/3a5519cbcb1b8db463d628173cafc3751fb323' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.115 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/31/2d56358b0f4597312ad7d68b78ebd080fc11f5' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.116 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/c2/1945e6c7fac12410c0d444fc1956f6b9ef090a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.164 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/BMS.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.164 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/12/c04ff4762844463e6e8d5b3a92c150fbb3c6ce' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.168 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.183 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/2b/b5e69e60b48517664e8bc178ce5047d2dc6239' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.183 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/29/ef69588ebc7fb77045dc42407df52eb89b771b' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.184 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/e0/05e38176803fd06ebf016edf56c6347f7ebcca' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.185 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cac.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.189 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/71/95a42c31f86e0f70315660d9da6d62f9769d1e' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.189 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/71/aba7981c900888d8f74ef1f3aa3e1efe91d405' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.190 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/TazUnitTest.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.190 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b0/2d733e80ba87c613c4becba1438cfea345bb63' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.192 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.194 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnkmenu.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.196 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/Transfer.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.196 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/e4/a208249eb9f188dac631a80aa69560a1b5c812' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.197 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/bb/6a183c5808c83f435ffe292d40ce3c1e78182e' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.198 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/datastr.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.199 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/30/ec95859415287a39af962b759792828e403684' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.199 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d3/e104ac3f1682cf5c81e6a4df77a916b5601adb' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.199 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.200 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1mai.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.201 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/c8/6c28e6b894571ccad1c6beaa040d1b916a1a77' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.201 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b6/deb95fdbfe6a2f08acb265c23cccc973e8b031' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.203 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/PSBgen.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.203 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/35/1b0c08fb96d69ec8f2e5c4a71121da780037dd' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.203 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/1d/7f5fcdba85d4c4d0bc6ab0bab4b287e69242db' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.203 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/de/ce936b7a48fba884a6d376305fbce1a2fc99e5' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.204 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/c8/82661ae39a9a8ed30486a8433c1b186cbc5159' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.204 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.206 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/99/a8f2520e0dc26a905446e52245f7b6314133d9' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.206 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/7e/0340c01a352c55eaf478a5c7dbe8c290e50728' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.206 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/94/08dd2f2709f23766aa4d1ef89e6e175974b396' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.206 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/97/0f6a926b868353d6a285d20b07d29abfba4292' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.207 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1uac.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.210 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d0/c5bf02bc846be691c4ea906c10118719d3bed3' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.210 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/69/27d3b72033e6e7e4f9d6527fb5d347e1fc67d4' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.210 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/ff/86efc8e05a7fc5e66defbf50820da4ab3bad95' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.211 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/ab/80f99d7e1e2cf005e04f11f43b710b6cfc765c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.211 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/fb/741632c192243a1f4e7799371635f854bd40db' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.211 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b6/97ad559100281f7737764166ced34b4398ae0d' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.212 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.213 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/c0/6aacd0c94d044b5fb1d2cb22bc796b946bcf6f' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.213 *! [WARNING] '.git/logs/HEAD' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.214 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/PLI.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.214 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/27/0fd7eb4a2109c25b62d78595d8ddd044de4983' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.214 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/6e/ba9fb7a278153965978bde08e8b79d7549a6e5' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.214 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/3e/aad50b56f466377be9bc01dca2e4188e888f53' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.215 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/getcompy.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.216 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b9/91d0ce37c9ca4668b3329286418980cdb49f42' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.217 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/updacc.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.218 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/README.md' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.219 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.220 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.222 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/prooffl.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.223 *! [WARNING] '.git/config' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.224 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/78/c46a8b3d2f9bf33608f9ebaa1ae56260a546b2' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.224 *! [WARNING] 'deployment/deployReleasePackage.yml' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.224 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/58/fd7a3493875afbad7928a3b9156e5a83894735' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.225 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/inqcust.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.226 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/pre-push.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.226 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/5e/014abb1c1c7b87e5b7487894a0dd577ecd6903' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.227 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/accdb2.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.229 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/abndinfo.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.230 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/51/51bf1873f82fc708b223aaecccf9c628c35b1b' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.230 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/37/1a19b8d93fa4d1f491a4174865ff3b5dc57b6f' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.230 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/1a/6cc27fb0468b5f7c2a6608e4b3e64009467e22' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.231 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.231 *! [WARNING] '.git/info/exclude' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.232 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.233 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/ACBgen.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.233 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/applypatch-msg.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.234 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/Assembler.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.234 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/2f/bc2fdb9097a629e3d0d899d0d4912a5ce4a678' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.234 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/57/a7db352970bbfae82cf24c95aa6cecc159b0e0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.235 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/getcompy.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.236 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.238 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/f7/fbe29970a3bd547fcfd6e82df58e45190d46a8' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.238 ** Adding 'applicationDescriptor.yml' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.239 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/pre-merge-commit.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.239 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d9/c46c2b0b76ac752b67f451dd45995cd5bc96d1' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.239 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/56/5ded23ee5a835cf93564fb69486880ef001304' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.240 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/c9/5be47dd3ede400e93ba367b5f5ac433a714d5a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.240 *! [WARNING] '.git/HEAD' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.241 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dcm.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.242 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.243 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1acc.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.245 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/inqacc.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.246 ** Adding 'azure-pipelines.yml' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.248 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/consttst.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.249 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/crecust.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.250 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d4/c22ba5bfb0742e2395037184f5fc4174577a8c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.250 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/63/a545e907d8944efa88a4cc3619141468ee9446' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.250 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d3/7d2d4704218babc4ab9871cc3ea1f5271dc80d' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.251 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/89/7bf2e97ca69ede559524c31bae8d639ae1b81d' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.251 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cra.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.253 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.254 *! [WARNING] '.git/refs/tags/rel-1.4.0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.255 *! [WARNING] '.git/description' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.255 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d9/7584fe7d7c5e0120ab762194b119287f6bc91d' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.256 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1ccm.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.257 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/accload.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.258 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/7e/b890a9162ae1995c768e29ce41093b6189ca19' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.258 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/f7/f461db942e85d137f33609bdb50bd26015d1ec' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.258 *! [WARNING] '.gitattributes' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.258 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/84/bc44ed9738bc69291a529f9b7b7a1b3cccdc88' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.259 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1ccs.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.260 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/41/c1fc24c5c355423d1cdad4477113b6c6f0945f' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.261 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/updcust.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.262 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1uam.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.263 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/delacc.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.264 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.265 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.266 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/9d/8cdd3cfd001f9ff47534b9a741f61f757cc90c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.266 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/04/a5b554ae15152a060f462fe894e09e7188e394' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.266 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/f5/0cc01256b3b2f272a59bed37caeb1a61f5ba4c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.266 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/push-to-checkout.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.267 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/CRB.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.268 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/customer.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.268 *! [WARNING] '.git/logs/refs/heads/rel-1.4.0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.268 *! [WARNING] '.git/refs/heads/main' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.269 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/d3/70465392addcb5a86920019826deec0e531a77' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.269 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/55/57d232d69aa70962e5580123403d3662157e2a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.269 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/sortcode.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.271 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.271 *! [WARNING] '.git/refs/heads/rel-1.4.0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.272 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/custctrl.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.273 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/Easytrieve.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.273 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/9c/3aec3ef67cd80287d375f825fe1b7abfb8be4d' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.274 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cdm.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.275 *! [WARNING] 'tagging/createReleaseCandidate.yml' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.275 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/68/c29e32bba41130b5f6308b06ffbaf11d7214cc' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.275 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/bc/ecf21e6187f0d2dba5c129c53954a8363f0d0e' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.276 ** Adding 'zapp.yaml' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.277 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/e2/f2519db2ebf10fdce9c1d18535aa730e9cc942' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.277 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/40/46a14e3b7f9b0137176c8039e1034e9e8c39fd' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.277 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/56/364507a259c6881a4e9a961213a9aa5a6405e7' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.278 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/14/833274735adb257e1062eaa63d495febe9e962' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.278 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA.yaml' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.279 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/abndproc.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.280 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b8/cea7df2b43bfac6d4e9336022a286e44a1147c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.280 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/LinkEdit.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.281 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/proctran.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.282 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/02/20c1299e5ed367b9d602d8a11c9909a081c026' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.282 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b1/8656b5144b139b6a3b4515d4883a5d0e9ee2ce' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.282 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/91/4e9ff51f5d103fd6d253b345de9ae1c3cd34d4' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.282 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/xfrfun.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.283 *! [WARNING] '.git/logs/refs/heads/main' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.284 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/bind.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.284 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.285 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.286 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b4/de9dd27006fd84de0770e4a4fc0c9a0393e2f0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.287 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.288 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1tfm.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.289 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/f4/33cbfff90207efad95d399c2632acc1684f942' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.289 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/acctctrl.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.290 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/57/9fef02baff9b735fc28867aef660f088b64710' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.290 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/MFS.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.291 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.292 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b1/7e73e90052cbe5144318dc9cf00cdf04589042' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.292 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/paydbcr.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.293 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/01/d96e12b164d97cc7f2c72489c8cd3205a8b69f' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.293 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b0/aed0954293fc2763f3c02ec65cbaa53603015d' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.294 *! [WARNING] 'tagging/createProductionReleaseTag.yml' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.294 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/e4/96c6a4e7a960de791e1fd97a02ae6614769936' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.294 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/aa/3a09c5ec672fef16b4d689127e80ca5ce595ce' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.295 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/account.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.296 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/fa/3508648b495e92bc320f8110bfd3d78a4d5a3a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.296 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/56/eec383e79ddc7d93386976ba31b6f06180c1a0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.297 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/creacc.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.298 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/getscode.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.299 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/getscode.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.300 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dam.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.301 *! [WARNING] '.git/index' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.301 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1tfn.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.302 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/proload.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.303 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/a1/4465df829b167bbb644dffc1027434adbf3c32' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.304 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cam.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.305 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/04/9cc7eb352d85ce38026a8f3029f22e711b8b9a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.305 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/8e/b541c571cd537e557c27e56eb472e9cafb0308' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.305 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/47/f9f61e0fdb34ee5ebbf7fc11529e50b079a04b' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.306 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/delcus.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.306 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/82/14b4cdd014e9e1f1c45fae193c49364def5894' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.307 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.308 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/94/7a658dffaf7b8a8a1348ad9dabbdca1f87fbb0' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.308 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.309 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.310 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/33/44cbdf7b601794f0ef2341235f09f126fe4562' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.310 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/update.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.311 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/inqacccu.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.312 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/pre-applypatch.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.312 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/pre-commit.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.312 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/1e/cc8a7b26eee8c6498737ad40975ca9597e7809' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.313 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/application.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.313 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/file.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.314 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.315 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/commit-msg.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.315 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/cb/75236314e2fba04aca378ad29061942e6900a5' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.315 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b8/33431450f198af575ebdf622a8144df7c0962a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.315 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/consent.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.317 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/01/61b1e6bcf09c021887fb147e8223ca06b5cd38' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.317 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/ff/7f1a74d6d78a6d35e4559b32cdff813a5fb12e' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.317 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/21/b32b59cad6603ee75673876be89e6c04c4c122' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.317 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/sendemail-validate.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.317 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/pre-receive.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.318 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.319 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.320 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/constapi.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.321 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/constdb2.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.322 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/post-update.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.322 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/a5/3363cedacbac465382e28beb8d10c843b769cb' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.322 *! [WARNING] '.git/COMMIT_EDITMSG' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.322 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/33/4b8f087b5e1bd5c05036a920378e8e1f3c0276' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.323 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.324 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b5/6eafbe98c4e46afb0c8c60ee97cf437292a68c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.324 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/procdb2.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.325 *! [WARNING] '.git/hooks/fsmonitor-watchman.sample' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.325 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/6f/3549f765104b58d630d2a4ce871fc1b9e4bb7a' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.325 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/f5/5399eea902ae9bc01584c1e3bc71f4db98eef6' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.326 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/Cobol.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.326 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/a6/ee2080f7c783724cafee89a81049a3f2893e75' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.326 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/34/390dbd6e6f281f6101d179897949a51393c264' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.326 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/REXX.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.327 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/reports.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.327 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/languageConfigurationMapping.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.327 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/02/166f4a72bce317273224f2a3d700916aca7d37' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.328 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/c2/432e4bf3b85f883fdcaff1adb419b1ebf3fd18' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.328 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/30/7bdf0f7c3097788578484f004d2a0fa05d9271' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.328 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/66/afa88844c422af69da0d35243993d4e50dac3c' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.328 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/accoffl.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.329 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/31/52dd3e66ff2ee3aa671a03aa7e3cb41ca864a5' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.330 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/cobol/dpayapi.cbl' to Application Descriptor into source group 'cobol'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.331 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b2/849d92d4dd7bd253384f910a069f98802f64f1' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.331 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b4/79ed3b38c3f9680850dc34a3c9d10e24ddb52f' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.331 ** Adding 'CBSA/src/copy/contdb2.cpy' to Application Descriptor into source group 'copy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.332 *! [WARNING] '.git/objects/b6/f7290235118fd79e38875919d38e2885dc2335' is a hidden file. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.333 *! [WARNING] 'CBSA/application-conf/DBDgen.properties' did not match any rule defined in the repository path mapping configuration. Skipped.
2025-04-09 14:03:28.453 ** Created Application Description file '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/CBSA.yaml'
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/assessUsage.groovy 				--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 				--application CBSA 				--moveFiles 				--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-assessUsage.log
2025-04-09 14:03:55.371 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-09 14:03:55.413 	DBB_MODELER_APPCONFIG_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/modeler-configs
2025-04-09 14:03:55.416 	application -> CBSA
2025-04-09 14:03:55.419 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-09 14:03:55.423 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-09 14:03:55.427 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-assessUsage.log
2025-04-09 14:03:55.430 	DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE -> db2
2025-04-09 14:03:55.433 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf
2025-04-09 14:03:55.435 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD -> 
2025-04-09 14:03:55.438 	moveFiles -> true
2025-04-09 14:03:55.441 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt
2025-04-09 14:03:55.444 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID -> MDALBIN
2025-04-09 14:03:56.121 ** Getting the list of files of 'Include File' type.
2025-04-09 14:03:56.197 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/datastr.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:56.711 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/datastr.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:56.720 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.721 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.722 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.723 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.724 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.724 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.725 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.726 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.727 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.728 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.729 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.730 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.730 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.731 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.732 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.733 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.734 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:56.735 	==> 'datastr' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:56.747 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'datastr' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:56.862 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1ccm.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.058 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1ccm.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.058 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1ccs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.058 	==> 'bnk1ccm' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.059 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1ccm' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.107 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dam.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.197 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dam.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.197 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.197 	==> 'bnk1dam' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.198 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1dam' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.238 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/paydbcr.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.311 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/paydbcr.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.311 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.311 	==> 'paydbcr' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.313 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'paydbcr' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.346 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cam.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.417 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cam.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.417 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.417 	==> 'bnk1cam' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.418 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1cam' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.448 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/creacc.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.509 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/creacc.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.510 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.510 	==> 'creacc' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.511 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'creacc' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.539 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dcm.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.602 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dcm.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.602 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.602 	==> 'bnk1dcm' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.603 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1dcm' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.631 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/procdb2.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.685 	The Include File 'procdb2' is not referenced at all.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.715 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/constdb2.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.765 	The Include File 'constdb2' is not referenced at all.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.791 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/abndinfo.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.899 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/abndinfo.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.899 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cra.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.899 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.899 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.899 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1ccs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.899 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.900 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.900 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1uac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.900 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.900 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.900 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.900 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/abndproc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1tfn.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.901 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnkmenu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.902 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.903 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.903 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.903 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.903 	==> 'abndinfo' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.904 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'abndinfo' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.931 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1tfm.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:57.989 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1tfm.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:57.989 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1tfn.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:57.989 	==> 'bnk1tfm' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:57.990 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1tfm' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.016 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1acc.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.078 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1acc.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.079 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.079 	==> 'bnk1acc' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.080 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1acc' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.106 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/proctran.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.176 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/proctran.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.176 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.176 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.177 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.177 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.177 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.177 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.177 	==> 'proctran' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.178 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'proctran' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.203 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/sortcode.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.285 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/sortcode.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.286 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.286 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.286 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.286 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.286 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.286 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getscode.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.287 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.288 	==> 'sortcode' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.289 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'sortcode' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.315 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/acctctrl.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.375 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/acctctrl.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.375 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.375 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.376 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.376 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.376 	==> 'acctctrl' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.380 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'acctctrl' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.408 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/custctrl.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.484 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/custctrl.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.485 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.485 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.485 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.485 	==> 'custctrl' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.489 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'custctrl' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.519 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/xfrfun.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.568 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/xfrfun.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.568 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.568 	==> 'xfrfun' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.569 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'xfrfun' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.595 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/crecust.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.636 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/crecust.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.636 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.636 	==> 'crecust' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.637 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'crecust' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.667 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqacccu.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.717 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/inqacccu.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.717 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.717 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.717 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.717 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.717 	==> 'inqacccu' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.718 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'inqacccu' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.743 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cdm.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.791 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cdm.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.792 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cra.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.792 	==> 'bnk1cdm' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.792 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1cdm' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.816 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/getscode.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.854 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/getscode.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.854 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getscode.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.854 	==> 'getscode' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.855 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'getscode' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.878 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/consent.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.922 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/consent.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.922 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpayapi.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.922 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.922 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.922 	==> 'consent' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.923 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'consent' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.947 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1mai.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:58.991 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1mai.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:58.991 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnkmenu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:58.991 	==> 'bnk1mai' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:58.992 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1mai' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.020 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/constapi.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.080 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/constapi.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.080 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpayapi.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.080 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.080 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consttst.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.080 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.081 	==> 'constapi' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.081 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'constapi' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.108 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/delacc.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.147 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/delacc.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.147 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.147 	==> 'delacc' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.148 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'delacc' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.173 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/delcus.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.222 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/delcus.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.223 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.223 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.223 	==> 'delcus' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.223 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'delcus' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.247 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/getcompy.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.288 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/getcompy.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.288 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getcompy.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.288 	==> 'getcompy' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.289 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'getcompy' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.314 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/accdb2.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.351 	The Include File 'accdb2' is not referenced at all.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.374 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/contdb2.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.416 	The Include File 'contdb2' is not referenced at all.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.440 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqcust.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/inqcust.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.487 	==> 'inqcust' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.488 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'inqcust' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.513 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/updacc.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.551 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/updacc.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.551 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.551 	==> 'updacc' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.552 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'updacc' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.575 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqacc.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.622 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/inqacc.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.623 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.623 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.623 	==> 'inqacc' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.624 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'inqacc' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.647 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/updcust.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.691 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/updcust.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.691 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.691 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.691 	==> 'updcust' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.693 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'updcust' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.718 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1uam.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.767 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/bnk1uam.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.767 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1uac.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.767 	==> 'bnk1uam' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.767 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'bnk1uam' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.791 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/account.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.844 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/account.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.844 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.844 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.844 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.845 	==> 'account' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.846 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'account' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.870 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/customer.cpy'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.922 	Files depending on 'CBSA/src/copy/customer.cpy' :
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl' in  Application  'CBSA'
2025-04-09 14:03:59.923 	==> 'customer' is owned by the 'CBSA' application
2025-04-09 14:03:59.924 	==> Updating usage of Include File 'customer' to 'private' in '/u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications/CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml'.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.951 ** Getting the list of files of 'Program' type.
2025-04-09 14:03:59.976 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cac.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.019 	The Program 'bnk1cac' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.120 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/proload.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.163 	The Program 'proload' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.188 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.225 	The Program 'bnk1dac' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.248 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpayapi.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.288 	The Program 'dpayapi' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.312 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.351 	The Program 'dpaytst' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.399 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/accoffl.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.435 	The Program 'accoffl' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.461 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.496 	The Program 'crdtagy5' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.519 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.540 	The Program 'creacc' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.584 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.623 	The Program 'crdtagy4' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.646 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnkmenu.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.680 	The Program 'bnkmenu' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.705 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.746 	The Program 'bankdata' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.774 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/prooffl.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.812 	The Program 'prooffl' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.835 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1tfn.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.867 	The Program 'bnk1tfn' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.890 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.924 	The Program 'bnk1cca' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.948 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:00.980 	The Program 'dbcrfun' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.008 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.027 	The Program 'acctctrl' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.052 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.070 	The Program 'custctrl' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.092 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.116 	The Program 'xfrfun' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.137 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.159 	The Program 'crecust' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.182 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.201 	The Program 'inqacccu' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.223 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getscode.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.239 	The Program 'getscode' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.261 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.278 	The Program 'consent' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.300 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.334 	The Program 'crdtagy3' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.356 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.377 	The Program 'delacc' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.398 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.429 	The Program 'delcus' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.450 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.490 	The Program 'bnk1dcs' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.513 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.548 	The Program 'crdtagy2' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.571 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/abndproc.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.610 	The Program 'abndproc' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.642 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1ccs.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.684 	The Program 'bnk1ccs' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.708 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.744 	The Program 'crdtagy1' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.770 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cra.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.807 	The Program 'bnk1cra' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.832 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getcompy.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.865 	The Program 'getcompy' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.901 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/accload.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.939 	The Program 'accload' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.963 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:01.982 	The Program 'inqcust' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.007 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1uac.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.053 	The Program 'bnk1uac' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.077 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.100 	The Program 'updacc' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.123 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consttst.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.160 	The Program 'consttst' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.185 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.206 	The Program 'inqacc' is not called by any other program.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.230 ** Analyzing impacted applications for file 'CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl'.
2025-04-09 14:04:02.245 	The Program 'updcust' is not called by any other program.
[INFO] /usr/lpp/dbb/v3r0/bin/groovyz /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/src/groovy/scanApplication.groovy 				--configFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config 				--application CBSA 				--logFile /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-rescan.log
2025-04-09 14:04:40.138 ** Script configuration:
2025-04-09 14:04:40.175 	PIPELINE_USER -> ADO
2025-04-09 14:04:40.178 	application -> CBSA
2025-04-09 14:04:40.182 	configurationFilePath -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/DBB_GIT_MIGRATION_MODELER.config
2025-04-09 14:04:40.185 	DBB_MODELER_APPLICATION_DIR -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/applications
2025-04-09 14:04:40.187 	logFile -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB-work/logs/3-CBSA-rescan.log
2025-04-09 14:04:40.190 	DBB_MODELER_METADATASTORE_TYPE -> db2
2025-04-09 14:04:40.193 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_CONFIG_FILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/db2Connection.conf
2025-04-09 14:04:40.196 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORD -> 
2025-04-09 14:04:40.198 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_PASSWORDFILE -> /u/mdalbin/Migration-Modeler-MDLB/MDALBIN-password.txt
2025-04-09 14:04:40.201 	DBB_MODELER_DB2_METADATASTORE_JDBC_ID -> MDALBIN
2025-04-09 14:04:40.204 	APPLICATION_DEFAULT_BRANCH -> main
2025-04-09 14:04:40.660 ** Scanning the files.
2025-04-09 14:04:40.819 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/DBDgen.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:40.922 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getscode.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:40.949 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cca.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.106 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/contdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.116 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updcust.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.156 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cac.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.230 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dcm.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.328 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/xfrfun.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.437 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/consent.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.452 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1ccs.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.528 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/sortcode.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.532 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/file.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.575 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/custctrl.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.584 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/PLI.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.599 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy1.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.623 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bankdata.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.710 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crecust.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.789 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/TazUnitTest.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.802 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA.yaml 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.839 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/delacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.853 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpayapi.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.881 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/constapi.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.892 	Scanning file CBSA/applicationDescriptor.yml 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.927 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cam.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:41.999 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consttst.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.016 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy3.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.032 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delcus.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.064 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Assembler.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.082 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/accoffl.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.098 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/updacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.107 	Scanning file CBSA/.gitattributes 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.119 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/datastr.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.124 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/application.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.154 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy4.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.167 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/accload.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.180 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Transfer.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.183 	Scanning file CBSA/tagging/createReleaseCandidate.yml 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.256 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1ccm.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.301 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Cobol.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.317 	Scanning file CBSA/deployment/deployReleasePackage.yml 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.336 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/CRB.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.339 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/bind.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.347 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.368 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dac.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.390 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/customer.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.399 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/crecust.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.405 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/creacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.414 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/languageConfigurationMapping.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.419 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/LinkEdit.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.431 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dbcrfun.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.453 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1acc.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.466 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1uam.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.510 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/abndproc.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.519 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/acctctrl.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.525 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/procdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.530 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/ACBgen.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.533 	Scanning file CBSA/tagging/createProductionReleaseTag.yml 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.540 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/MFS.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.546 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/reports.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.557 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/abndinfo.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.562 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/xfrfun.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.566 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/PSBgen.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.574 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqcust.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.592 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/Easytrieve.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.600 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/constdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.606 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/getcompy.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.608 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/consent.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.617 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy2.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.626 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/delacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.639 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/REXX.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.647 	Scanning file CBSA/zapp.yaml 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.651 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqacccu.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.658 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1tfn.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.675 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/proload.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.683 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/inqacccu.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.696 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1cdm.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.712 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/dpaytst.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.717 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1cra.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.734 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/prooffl.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.742 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/updacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.752 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/acctctrl.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.757 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/delcus.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.761 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/proctran.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.779 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/updcust.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.783 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/getscode.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.785 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/creacc.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.803 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/crdtagy5.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.810 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/account.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.816 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1dam.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.839 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/paydbcr.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.842 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/getcompy.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.845 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/custctrl.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.849 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/accdb2.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.853 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/BMS.properties 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.857 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqacc.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.862 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1mai.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.867 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1dcs.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.883 	Scanning file CBSA/azure-pipelines.yml 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.895 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnk1uac.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.908 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/cobol/bnkmenu.cbl 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.920 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/application-conf/README.md 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.974 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/inqcust.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.976 	Scanning file CBSA/CBSA/src/copy/bnk1tfm.cpy 
2025-04-09 14:04:42.987 ** Storing results in the 'CBSA-main' DBB Collection.
2025-04-09 14:04:44.955 ** Setting collection owner to ADO
~~~~

</details>